## Superinsight

The purpose of Superinsight is to accelerate the adoption of AI for every organization in the world by empowering organization domain experts to utilize AI using their existing skills and tools. While there are many different types of domain experts in each organization, there are three types of domain experts who will play the most important roles.

### Data Experts
Data experts are usually people in the organization who are database admins, database developers or those who understand and has access to the data. We all know that data the main critial part of AI, and data experts have the most knowledge of where the data is and how data are being structured within the organization. Today one of the main reason organizations are being held back on AI adoption is because the tools that we use for machine learning such as PyTorch and Tensorflow are made of AI researchers and ML engineers. Most data experts do not come from a machine learning background, and most organizations do not have a team of AI researchers and ML engineers who understand the data structure as well as the data experts. To overcome this barrier, we must enable data experts to use their existing skills to perform AI functions. SQL has been and still is the most dominant tools data experts. If we enable data experts to use SQL to query data across different data sources and empower them to train models, inference models, generate data and store data without becoming a machine learning experts, then domain experts will be able to ignite AI adoptions across the entire organization. For this specific reason, Superinsight has created the concept of an AI index. Just like a database index which is optimize for data retrieval, an AI index is use to watch data from different data sources, and tranformed these existing data into data format can be used for AI functions. An AI index can be created by using simple SQL syntax and can be applied to most data storage in the market including SQL databases such as PostgresSQL and SQL Server, noSQL databases such as ElasticSearch and MongoDB and datawarehouse such as BigQuery and RedShift. Once AI indexes are created, data experts can use SQL to query data from AI indexes and join these data with existing data sources to provide AI capabilies to other people and system in the organization. With this new approach data experts are not able to power the organization not just with data, but with AI as well.

### Business Experts
Business experts are usually people in the organization who are business analysts, account managers, sales, marketers, product owners, executives or those who need to get insights from the data within the organization.  We all know that main benefit of AI is to be able to perform human like judgements at scale. Today another reason organizations are being held back on AI adoption is because the tools that we use to get AI insights such as Python, R, Jupyter Notebooks, MATLAB and Scikit-learn are made of data scientists. Even though in recent years, there is a huge movements to train more data scientists, the barrier to entry is still too high. Most business experts are not equipped with skills of a data scientist, and most data scientists are not easier to hire or train. To overcome this barrier, we must enable business experts to use their existing skills to get AI insights. Today most business experts use data visualization tools such as Tableau, Power BI, Sisense and Superset to get insights from their data and most of the BI tools use SQL to get data. Since the data experts have already use Superinsight to tranformed existing data to data that is AI enabled and can be query using SQL, AI insights will be able to surface from the AI index, to SQL query, up to the data visualization tools that business experts use to get insights. With this new approach business experts will get AI insights using their favorite BI tools and be more informed so they make decisions faster and better.

### Application Experts
Application experts are usually people in the organization who are software developers, software integrators or people who focus on creating or delivering software interfaces that other people can use within their organization. Application is the main piece of component that is used to capture real world information and store them as data which can be used by AI. Today, another reason organizations are being held back on AI adoption is because most of the tools used in machine learning development such as Pytorch and Tensorflow are made for ML engineers. Most organizations do not have a ML team, and ML engineers are hard to hire and train. To overcome this barrier, we must enable application experts to incorporate AI features into their applications with the need of becoming ML engineers. Since the data experts in the company already create AI index, application experts can use SQL to query data directly from these indexes, similar to model inferencing but without the need of traning and managing AI models. With this new approach, application experts can build features into their applictions which will then serve users inside and outside of the organization, accerlerating their organization to another level.
